adding Manage section and articles to docs (#558)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/concepts-management/manage-listings/index.md

Below the summary, you have separate sections for each type of extended data.  Extended data is a Flex feature that allows you to customize and collect user, listing, and transaction data specific to your marketplace. You can read [an introduction to extended data](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/operator-guides/extended-data-introduction/) to learn more. All extended data can be edited directly through Console. You can change existing field values or even add new extended data fields.

At the bottom of the listing card, you have the Events section. It contains a Flex CLI command that you can use to view all the events related to this listing. Read more about [viewing events with Flex CLI](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/flex-cli/view-events-with-flex-cli/) or visit the [Events reference in our Docs site](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/references/events/).

### Listing approval

> If you have [the listing approval feature](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/background/concepts/#listing-pending-approval) enabled in your marketplace, you will find the “approve listing” button at the bottom of the displayed section of the listing card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have [the listing approval feature](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/operator-guides/concepts/#listing-pending-approval) enabled in your marketplace, you will find the “approve listing” button at the bottom of the displayed section of the listing card.
```
